Add fix-overflowing-images support to Table ImageColumn (#10433)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/tables/docs/03-columns/04-image.md

    ->overlap(2)
```

## Wrapping the images

When displaying the table as a Grid, images can be set to wrap if they can't fit on one line, using `wrap()`:

```php
use Filament\Tables\Columns\ImageColumn;

ImageColumn::make('colleagues.avatar')
    ->circular()
    ->stacked()
    ->wrap()
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note: the "width" for wrapping is affected by the column label, so you may need to use a shorter or hidden label to wrap more tightly.

```

    ->overlap(2)
```

> ## Wrapping the images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Wrapping multiple images
```

> When displaying the table as a Grid, images can be set to wrap if they can't fit on one line, using `wrap()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images can be set to wrap if they can't fit on one line, by setting `wrap()`:
```
